Copyright (c) 2018â€“2019 Zach Aysan

Social Contract License (Alpha)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any entity
obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
Software, including the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sub-license, and/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of
the Software.

2. All entities benefiting from the Software must not be or
be owned by any entity that is in any part owned by a
billionaire; including stock, options, convertible debt,
derivatives or otherwise. For exemption from this license or
for clarification contact Zach Aysan by email. Most startups
or small businesses meet this license. At this time, no
known publicly traded companies do. This library must be
removed in the event that this is expected to change.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
